For the very last part of this course,
I have given you some raw materials and
some ideas for what you might do for
laying out an inside page for
our website that we've been working on.
And I'm leaving this very open-ended for
you.
So if you look back over the grid portion
of this unit, we've talked about cards,
we've talked about magazine style layouts,
we've talked about
interesting effects that we can
do with overlapping grid cells.
And we've talked about basic sorts
of layouts in terms of mosaics or,
just a general grid based layout.
So any of those types of
techniques are on the table for
laying out these inside web pages.
What I've done here, is I've given
you a folder called raw materials,
Inside of raw materials,
you're going to find a series of images.
So these are pictures of doughnuts and
they are very lovely.
They're all different portrait and
landscape,
all kinds of mixed sort of images here and
some basic text.
So there is a woman on pexels, she is a
professional photographer with pexels and
some other various image agencies and
so I have gotten her, here she is.
Here's her profile,
these are links to the photos that
I have pulled here from pexels.
You're welcome to go on pexels and go pull
some different images, if you prefer.
And I've given you,
let me wrap the text here,
I've given you a little bit of
information about her as an artist.
And so you should think about how you
could go about laying this out as
an inside webpage.
Some things that I would suggest
that you think about along the way,
so first of all I've given you
here is your beginning folder,
this is listed of
the default browser here,
this is your web page
as it currently exists.
This is the homepage of the website.
And I give this to you because maybe there
are elements from here that you want to
reuse on the inside page of the website.
So you can think about which some of these
elements you'd like to carry over to
the inside page, hint,
hint, maybe the header and
the footer might be a good idea.
But that's really up to you.
And so you can pull whatever
you think makes sense and
set up some kind of inside pitch.
So, if you don't have any
ideas about what you want do,
I have given you a goal if
that is helpful to you?
So I said, here's one idea for
the way this donut love page.
I call it Sharon Mccutcheon Donut Love.
And I set this up the following
way as a mosaic grid based layout.
Notice that the top square of this
layout has got some text on top of it,
that little bit of text that I gave you.
This is one idea, you are more than
welcome to try out some other ideas.
So something with cards would
be a wonderful way to do this.
Something with a magazine type of layout
would be an interesting way to do this,
or anything else that you can think of for
an inside page, and
then on tablet mobile,
I have it set up to work this way.
Notice here I've got all the images
stacked on top of each other.
And I've got the text hanging out all by
itself here at the top of the screen.
So you might want to give some thought
about how I managed to do that magic if
that's the route you want to take.
Or maybe you want to code
something else up on your own.
So give that a try and I'll give
you the my answer here very shortly